Cut release 2.51.1 (#13853)
prometheus/prometheus: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 2.51.1 / 2024-03-27

Bugfix release.

* [BUGFIX] PromQL: Re-instate validation of label_join destination label #13803

> * [BUGFIX] Scraping (experimental native histograms): Set min bucket factor on sync of targets #13846

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Scraping (experimental native histograms): Fix handling min bucket factor on sync of targets #13846
```
